About the job
Quantitative developer/Data scientist who will join a Senior Portfolio Manager team to help them build, manage and enhance their investment needs. The developer/Data scientist will analyze their business requirements and develop solutions for investment process enhancements. You will also conduct

quantitative research for the team. You will also work closely with fundamental analysts/PMs and will be exposed to various aspects of the equity investment business. You are expected to solve all the technical challenges associated with that. The role is a unique opportunity to grow your career with both quantitative

and fundamental investing exposures.

Responsibilities

 Building and maintaining development of investment analytical models and tools to support team's investment process.
 Data gathering/storage, database building and management, interaction with in-house systems.
 Utilize in-house an~ external technologies and applications from third-party risk models to third party data vendors.
 Contribute towards the team's research tooling and its efficiency, and help establish a collaborative mindset and shared ownership
 Conduct and participate in end-to-end development, data orchestration, alpha idea generation research, simulation, strategy implementation, and performance evaluation
 Incorporate AI/ Machine Learning technologies into the team's research and investment process.

Requirements

 Bachelor's degree or higher in Science, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical field
 2-5 years of experience in a technically demanding industry such as trading, computer hardware, or finance
 Very strong C++ proficiency and Python fluency
 Linux administration skills, and Cloud (A WS/Google cloud) experience a plus
 Familiarity with computer architecture, databases, and real time systems.
 Detail oriented, organized, demonstrating thoroughness and strong ownership of work
 Commitment to the highest ethical standard
 Strong and precise written and verbal communication
 Team player and Passionate about work
 Knowledge of Japanese market nuances a big plus

